---
title: I’m tired.
tags:
  - 日记
---

In the past two years, my music-making “business” is like, well, you can say miserable. 0 singles, 0 EPs, 0 Albums, only countless fucking demos. Why? Am I really this bad? NO! I know a lot about synth, I know a lot about mixing, I know a lot about sound processing, but what the fuck am I doing? Why the fuck can’t I make something, something that can be called a complete song, even if it sucks.

<br>

Turns out I wasn’t suck at making things, I suck at doing things patiently. I bought lots and lots of plugins and I did nothing with them but only made me a poor ass motherfucker, is this the software to blame? or am I just a lazy fucking human-shaped meatball?

<br>

I haven’t touched my skateboard since [WWI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_War_I). Skateboarding isn’t too hard for me, and it did a lot of favors of keeping me in shape. So why did I quit you might ask, cuz I’m a lazy fucking human-shaped meatball ain’t I? Grab your fucking skateboard and go fucking skate meatball!

<br>

Talking about coding, oh, I really learned a lot in this year, I mean last year (2021), if you have a time machine and arrest the 2020 me, I could do a 10-0 to him, so now there are two me(s), it’s like, me-me. Yes meme! The fucking memes, I watched too many memes, every time I wanted to do something seriously, these are the obstacles that’ll always ruin it, these are the mind poison that’ll always destroy me! Destroy the real me!!

<br>

I’m tired of me being like this. Maybe this year will be a good start, <br> <br>to change.